Fix #137: Error in after.sql (#138)
wultra/mobile-utility-server: docs/Mobile-Utility-Server-1.5.0.md

   > **IMPORTANT**: Ensure that you've backed up your entire database before proceeding

> 3. **Run Liquibase Commands with Docker**: To apply the database changes, execute the `docker-db-update.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Run Liquibase update**:  Execute [liquibase](https://www.liquibase.com/download) scripts located in `docs\db\changelog\db.changelog-master` For convenience, you can use supplied Dockerfiles and apply the database changes by execute the `docker-db-update.sh` script.
```
